what's up guys so I got a super huge
kind of um back Jim shark stuff today
hence why I still have all the tags on
him um but I wanted to go through the
crap so technical difficulties so I
wanted to do review probably because I
got some of the brand new stuff that
came out on Thursday um the the new
dreamy leggings and everything but I
also got a whole bunch of other stuff um
but I watched a whole bunch of other
reviews from people which of course I
like for some of the stuff but I find
that they don't tend to tell you their
measurements a lot of people are just
like oh I'm you know like for me I'm 150
pounds and five five but I have a very
different bill to some people so I went
and basically I ordered everything like
tops and bottoms all in mediums
and I just measure myself and basically
the fullest part of my bust
was it was like a thirty six and a half
inches on top the sports bra it's not a
super tight sports bra but whatever and
then my waist was 29 inches and my hips
were 39 um so when you look at the
sizing online my waist was supposed to
fit into like a large but my hips could
fit into a small apparently sounds like
okay so last Christmas Nick got me some
of the full length flex leggings in a
large cuz that's what I thought would
fit um so of course the waistband felt
fine but there was a lot of extra fabric
like they're really stretchy anyway but
I decided to do everything a medium this
time um so I was gonna show you how that
fit base for me so I got one of the top
so I she got three different colors I
like this one because it makes me look
to you but so I've got a medium in the
cropped leggings
which it fit really well so they're like
snug but they're not constricting my
stomach in any
I really like that and you could pull
them up high enough it's totally fine
and then I am wearing black underwear
under it to see if I could see it and I
couldn't really see the black I think
the biggest thing was just you could
sometimes see the outline just because
it sticks out very very slightly um so
that wasn't a big deal so I would say
they're pretty well not to you through I
have not worked out on them yet so as
far as sweat proof girls I don't totally
know um but yeah at least with my
measurements even though the waist said
it a large I fit into the medium okay um
because I didn't want all the extra
fabric because they didn't end up
wearing my other ones as much because I
didn't want all the extra I just kind of
annoyed me in the top I was a little
nervous about too because pretty much I
get large and everything just to behave
another black in yeah the same medium
size crop top so that's fine and I got
it with the cropped black leggings so I
really like that they have like this
little sticky part to help the waistband
stay um however I probably would have
preferred a small which is the first
time I have ever said um it's just a
little bit more fabric in it because I
mean they are super stretchy which is
nice but I feel like I expected the
waistband of anything to be a little bit
tight and it's actually a little bit
looser it's not you know loose and baggy
you're gonna fall off but I can picture
myself needing to adjust it a lot so
actually I'll put my measurements in the
description in case you forget cuz I
keep forgetting but yeah even though I
would normally actually get a large and
a lot of stuff the these fit ones I
could get
small and it probably would actually fit
my waist which is extremely surprising
they are actually not see-through though
I mean yeah underwear but it's actually
a slightly thicker material than I
thought it was gonna be which is totally
fine it's not actually super thick it's
a lot thinner than this you must than
the seamless ones
Oh miss you loose ones are a lot thicker
which is nice because then you know you
can't see through them but they can be
kind of really warm for someone like me
I get really warm and really sweaty when
I work out which is weird because I'm
always freezing so again that's still
medium I feel like the neck hole in this
one was a little smaller
mr. fluke or not so I also got the grey
and pink in the the cropped fit ones
which for some reason seemed to fit
better than the black ones even though
the same size I think I've heard that
before with gym shorts where they have
either the different types of pants or
the different colors fit a little bit
differently in this case I would agree
because the black I really wanted a
little bit smaller
these ones feel fine and again they have
a little sticky part in the band which I
kind of like cuz I hate going like this
little John here yeah it's not too tight
around here cuz I'm really it my pants
are too tight around the waist
I don't really thick when I'm working
you know there's maybe just a tiny bit
of extra
here but I'll wash it on hot but now I
have the gray in the dreamy leggings
which as I said they're super soft and
these are also in a medium they were the
waist was a little bit hard to get over
my hips but once it's on it's pretty
secure it's actually kind of snuff um I
was a little surprised there's a little
more fabric than I would have thought
it's not a huge amount so I could just
take it as some growing room because I
wouldn't want the waist any tighter on
me so if you a smaller waist probably
could go a smaller but that wouldn't be
comfortable for me and just kind of try
to go into all of it I feel like if I
can grow my glutes a bit then the extra
fabric in here should go away they are
super soft and they're pretty solid
color so I I mean I still work in the
same black underwear and I can't do it
um so again I haven't worn any of these
to the gym yet because I literally just
got them today so I have no idea how how
sweat-proof they are maybe if I when I
use them in workouts I'll mention it as
I use them so maybe that'll be helpful
cuz this is mainly just for sizing
because I really don't like it when
people are just like oh I wear small I'm
like well I don't know what that means I
didn't know it's like because I don't
know everyone else's measurements and a
lot of the time I find that a lot of
people who do these reviews have a much
smaller waist than me and even though
they have bigger glutes I feel like I
have wide hips so I'm not really sure
how they are in comparison to those so
that's why I wanted to do this and like
give you my measurements to hopefully
make it a little bit
here okay so these would be black ones
as I think I've seen in other people's
videos they're really just a very dark
gray super soft comfortable they do move
pretty well however there is still a
bunch of that extra fabric but again I
wouldn't get a small because of my waist
because it would be way too tight so see
if they made me shrink a little bit in
the wash I wouldn't have gotten cropped
in these two because if you hadn't
noticed by the other stuff I for some
reason really like cropped better than a
full-length I feel like animal partner
is like know that you might get really
hot shorts but then for some reason on
everyone else I think it looks totally
fine to have full-length leggings and
shoes um but on me I just feel like it
looks really stupid for some reason so
you'll have to get used to it for these
since winter is coming
um yeah only know if I did get a pair of
the shorts so I did get the again black
and the dreamy shorts um I do like that
they come down a little bit because I
don't like my comes out but they're in
the medium as well so I had the same
problem where there's extra fabric but I
don't want the waistband any tighter so
yeah supposed to be I always did but I
have a very short torso so pretty much
regular high waisted on me I'm not like
it doesn't fit but probably have to
grow my quotes a little bit um for them
to fit better
what was my goal anyway I just cuz I
don't have any super nervous cutting my
clothes - I really like that they have
these kind of seams cuz I have really
broad shoulders like I'll put into a
man's jacket um so when I have them like
girls stuff with the seam here it tends
to be like way in here yeah which is uh
I have really long arms to know how a
measurement for that but I have long
arms basically just got the one color um
so then if you want comparison that I've
been wearing in some of my other stuff I
have the red and the dark gray in the
seamless cropped pants they are thicker
than a lot of these they are really
stretchy and they fit pretty well I
think the the waistband and the red ones
feels a little bit tighter than the gray
but they're both they're both medium as
well so they're snug but they're not too
tight and I did confirm the other day oh
they know I was only doing arms that day
but I got really sweaty and it kind of
looked like I peed so apparently they're
they're sweat proof or if you don't
sweat a lot so for me like I for some
reason I sweat a lot when I'm working
out and so I have to be a little bit
careful of that I mean I don't really
care just because if people are laughing
at me from the other side of the gym
well I didn't actually pee myself
I'm not really that embarrassed then if
someone actually asked me I'd be like
well it's sweat not pee fine but if you
do care more about that um they're okay
I mean that's kind of the first time
I've really noticed it and I'm one of
the multiple times but I just thought
I'd point that out oh yeah I hope this
was helpful I will again leave my
dimensions my measurements we'll leave
those in the description box so you just
have something to reference too because
I find you know obviously like I said
going through their size chart can be a
little bit weird as to like okay well if
I'm in this size and this size which
one's better and I find for me a lot of
the time I'll try to go more with the
waist because I have a little bit of
like a thicker waist and if it's too
tight and really really don't like it so
I won't wear it
but yeah so even in a that's a 29 inch
waist the medium was totally fine and
that was probably my biggest concern so
yeah I hope this was helpful if you
liked it give it a thumbs up and I will
have my arm workout up hopefully after
this one soon so subscribe to check that
one out and I'll see you next time